These are the requirements for a game that borrows aspects from Tetris Attack
and the Japaenese version, Panel de Pon. The behavior of the game in the
project should be as close as possible to Tetris Attack. This means that the
"feel" of the game should be almost identical to experienced players. The game
should support virtually unlimited players, whereas Tetris Attack only
supported 2, and Panel de Pon only supported 4. There won't be time for AI
players, although it should be coded in such a way that AI could be added later
without major revisions. The same goes for networking support; it is not
required, but should be possible to add in without majorly rewriting code.

The graphics should be entirely different and original, as well as the music
and sound effects. It should run quickly, even on modest hardware with many
players. An emphasis should be placed on the game being quick-to-start and
restart by default, meaning that multiple menus should not have to be navigated
to start playing. It should take no more than 2 button presses to start a game
with reasonable defaults.

There should be a settings page, with a far larger set of configurable options
than the original games. The defaults should NOT be hard coded, allowing for
users to specify their custom options to be the default. One setting that
should be provided is to allow the number of options that are configurable to
be anywhere from 2-6 (rather than 3). Delays from clearing blocks or from
coming too close to the top (nearly losing) should be configurable. Even the
size of the grid (normally 6x12), should be resizable. The number of different
classes of blocks should be customizable; there are normally around 5.

** Comments by Gabe Pike **
What do you mean by delays from nearly losing being configurable?
How much configuration for the player is too much?
Go into more detail about the modules that will be required. What module is the
entry point? How is control passed from one module to another? Describe the
Has-A and Is-A relationships. 
How will the scoring system work?
Describe the modes of play.
