1)Project Title: Triforce

2)Summary

A clone of Tetris Attack (a Super Nintendo game), with modern graphics and
features.

The behavior of the game in the project should be as close as possible to
Tetris attack. This means that the "feel" of the game should be almost
identical when played by experienced players. There won't be time for AI
players, although it should be coded in such a way that AI could be added later
without major revisions. The same goes for networking support; it is not
required, but should be possible to add in without majorly rewriting code.
At a minimum, we want to support single player mode, and two player mode.

The graphics should be entirely different and original, as the music and sound
effects. It should run quickly, even on modest hardware with many players. An
emphasis should be placed on the game being quick-to-start and restart by
default, meaning that multiple menus should not have to be navigated to start
playing. It should take no more than 2 button presses to start a game with
reasonable defaults.

There should be a settings page, with a far larger set of configurable options
than the original games. The defaults should NOT be hard coded, allowing for
users to specify their custom options to be the default. Delays from clearing
blocks or from coming to close to the top (nearly losing), etc. should be easy
for us to tweak. The number of different classes of blocks should be
customizable; there are normally around 5.

The scoring system will be based on Tetris Attack as closely as possible. The
game can be analyzed in great detail using an emulator, by reducing the speed.


We have already set up a version controlled repository on github.com. We will
continue to track milestones, features, bugs, etc. from github.

3)Module Description

I will handle the code for the frontend. This means designing the menus,
configuration options, saving/loading options, HUD, and background animations.
I will be designing all of the 3d graphics for the blocks, and the cursor in
Blender, and also create the electronic music and sound effects in FL Studio.
As an extra, if there is time, I will create some simple exploision animation
for when blocks are cleared, and possibly several simple characters and objects
to animate on top of the background images.

    Modules:
      GObject - convenience class which extends CObject and adds a few features
      Triforce - Launches menu/game, handles current state (paused, playing),
                 handles keyboard/mouse input. Handles creation/destruction of
                 GamePlay object, which Gabe is handling. The menu is
                 constructed within Triforce, as it was determinted that it
                 was closely related to the function of this class.
      Buttons - Holds collectinos of Button objects. Makes creating buttons
                simple; pass images, an xy position, and a callback function,
                which is used upon button activation. Can change currently
                selected button by setting the current one in the collection to
                "unpressed" and the next one to "hover" upon pressing an arrow
                key.
      Button - An inner class of Buttons. Holds the position and state of a
               button (i.e. hover, pressed), and the images for each state.
      Audio  - Not sure how this will work yet, as I don't know how it's done.
      Config - Loads/writes a config file from/to disk. Used by Triforce class.
      GamePlay - Manages grid, cursor, and responds to in-game controls.
      Grid - Manages grid of Block objects in actual game.
      Block - Normal blocks in actual game. Extends GObject.

4)Scene Description

I'm using Blender to create elements in 3d, and then render them into bitmaps
(2d). A full set of blocks has been created. However, several different frames
for each block will have to be made, to represent different states of the game
(like Tetris Attack).  Overall, there will probably be 3-5 frames for each type
of block, resulting in 21-35 bitmaps just for blocks. 

There will be several songs for the menu and gameplay. I have started makeing
some songs in FL Studio. Depending on how many I am able to make and how well
they turn out, we may not actually use any of it, and instead use free 8-bit
music from the internet, in mp3 format. Sound effects will be made in FL Studio
using sound emulators for Nintendo and other legacy consoles.

